## 3. [Web Basics](3_web_basics/readme.md) Reflection

* What 2 new things did you learn about the web?
* What are some important things to remember when setting up your HTML site?
* How did you feel when you saw your web page live?
* Did you have an "aha" moments or were any concepts solidified?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

1. I learned about the differences between the internet and the web. Whenever I open up a website, I usually just refer to that as being on the internet, when actually I'm just on a website. I now know that the internet specifically refers to the large network of computers that stores and shares all of the data on the internet's network. The web is just the application that allows me, the user, to access all of that information out there on the internet. I also learned about the differences between websites and web applications. It turns out that most of the websites I use aren't actually websites, but instead are web applications. That is, they can update and change instantly, they take input and content from users and display it back to me. Websites are static, and don't have the same dynamic abilities as a web application. It sounds to me like I really want to aim at making web applications instead of websites, particularly in this age of technology where everyone expects to be able to interact with what they are viewing.
2. It's important to use HTML tags in order for anything to work properly. You always need to start and end your HTML page with <html> and </html>. If you start any tag <> you must always close it with </>. Beyond that, it's important to write, indent, tab your HTML like you would with any other code, so it's readable and accessable.
3. Well... it's pretty boring! Just one line of text against a big blank background. I have ideas of how it could look, feel, and interact, but don't yet have the know-how to translate my ideas to code. I'm looking forward to making this web page substantially more awesome.
4. I've done a little HTML work in the past, nothing too complicated, but it's been a while since I've touched it. Creating the HTML page, even though it was only a few lines, made me go "Aha! I remember doing some of this now!" As we dig into this further, I'm sure more bits of info will come flooding back to memory.
5. Trying to remember certain HTML tags, I came across this site: http://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp  This seems to be a good place to look up certain tags, when I can't quite remember the right one I'm looking for.