## 2. [Open Source and Repo Setup](2_set_up_repo/readme.md) Reflection

* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person
* Describe what open source means
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

1. Once logged into GitHub, go to the repositories tab and click the green +New button on the right. Give your repository a name, give it a description if you want, make it public, check the box to add a README and add an MIT license from the dropdown on the right. Congratulations! You have now have a repository. Now you must clone this repository to your computer. To do this, open Git and select your name from the list on the left of the window. A list of repositories will appear in the middle. Select the one you just created, and click the clone button on the right side. The repository will then be cloned to your computer.
2. Open source means that the source code used for a program is open for viewing, editing and using by anyone. You can see exactly how the program was written, and make your own additions or changes to the program if you so desired.
3. I think open source can be powerful, allowing anyone to edit and modify code. This could potentially mean programs and software can evolve more quickly, since more people can take ideas and suggestions from a community, and make them a reality. This is obviously not an ideal situation if you are trying to sell and market your software. If everyone had your code, why would they bother purchasing your program? If I were to have my code be open source, I still may end up feeling a bit protective of it. I may have put hours into it, only to have someone else come along and make modifications they think would be better. Ultimately this will lead to a better product through the input of the community, despite what my feelings may be about what I originally wrote.
4. Licensing, particularly open source licensing, allows your work to be distributed to others but still allows you to receive credit for the original work. Without this, people could take your work and publish it, without ever having to notify you or list you as a contributor or creator.
5. The steps to creating a repository were definitely solidified for me in this challenge. I went through the first challenge stumbling through the setup on my own, without any instructions. Little did I know that the second challenge had all the right answers for me. I went back and (properly) created a repository using the correct naming format, and licensing file. I really did think "aha!" as I went through the process again, because it made a lot more sense the second time through.
6. Starting out with an incorrectly created repository led me to do a little research on changing the settings for existing repos. I ended up at the GitHub help section for repos, and there are quite a few useful resources there. https://help.github.com/categories/24/articles
