## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

1. The initial installtion of Git on my computer was easy enough, but I struggled with connecting my local git repository, and the master one on GitHub. Going through the few tutorials, they already had me adding files and commiting changes before I had figured out all the necessary connections needed between repositories. Now that I've gone through the process once, it should be much easier in the future to set this up on a different computer.
2. Git is a program which provides a way to manage version control on your files - meaning the changes and edits you make. You are able view and manage all of the changes to your files, see when the changes were made, and revert if necessary. Say you wanted to work with others, and everyone needed a central place to keep the files on which they were collaberating? That's where GitHub comes into play. GitHub is like a social network for your files. People can pull down copies of files, and push changed versions back. Fortunately GitHub works with Git, in that the changes and edits you make to your files locally will be shown on GitHub. This way everyone can see who made which changes, and when the changes were made. This provides an excellent way for people to work on files together, without the fear of overwriting each other's work, or possibly deleting something important.
3. Version control is a way to manage edits and changes to a file. If you make mistakes or accidentally delete something, you can go back and find a version of the file before the mistakes happened. GitHub is a place where collaborators can store files and work on them together, while including version control. This means you can step through the history of the file and view the changes made, but also who made them. This allows you to see what changes others are making, without the fear of having your work overwritten or erased.
4. Devlopers use version control to manage the changes they are making to their code. It seems to me that without this, the potential for erasing, overwriting or losing code is quite high. Being able to go back and look at changes you made days, weeks or even years ago, could save you countless hours of work. Additionally, looks at the notes of why you made those changes can better help you find bugs in your code, or understand why your code is producting certain results.
5. The concept of version control makes a lot of sense to me, but I'm having a bit of trouble with actual process. As I understand it now, if I wanted to edit a file on GitHub I would have to do the following: Pull a current copy to my local repository, open the file in my text editor, make the desired changes and save the file, open Git and write notes for the commit, and finally sync the file back to GitHub. I'm wondering if I'm making this process more complicated than it needs to be? I think it's mostly because Git and GitHub are new to me, and I'm not used to how everything works quite yet, so perhaps all of this will flow better for me as I continue to use it.
